In this lesson, we have explored a number of different methods
to ensure secure access to Cloud infrastructure and resources.
To recap, we have looked at methods for providing
secure login access to Cloud hosts and Instances.
We've also discussed the importance of controlling and restricting network traffic,
including incoming ingress traffic,
outbound egress traffic, and reviewed tools and products to help facilitate this.
We looked at methods for providing
engineer's secure network connectivity with
Cloud resources deployed within the Cloud VPC.
Finally, we tied it together by looking at
a simple architecture and having you use some of
the ideas we touched on to make the architecture more
secure based on a set of connectivity requirements.
I've enjoyed teaching you how to secure your Cloud infrastructure.
See you in the next lesson.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6